glory to nurgle all of his buos blood
puss and guts because I am Jones and I'm
playing a plague
Champion oh he looks so cool love this
skin kudos to Megos n who is looking
forward for mechanicus 2 by the way I am
looking forward to that game going to be
so cool to once again Slaughter necrons
as the ad me and also a Slaughter the
adm's
necrons Flo is going to be playing as
the Avers assassin on this
side we got a little bit of him in what
was that game called uh chaos gate got a
little bit of Aversa assassin action in
chaos gate his neurotoxin pistol was
very very powerful in that game it was
quite cool to
see Killing lots of nurgle dudes
actually now that I think about it there
you
go and he was backed up by GRE I oh yeah
chaos gate here we are
boys watching a chaos gate game play I
gonna get caught up by the PC on the
side here this is a bad situation for
them probably going to lose a lose a
model
right fulfill your command I guess it's
worth it I wonder how he'll do here with
the damage over time that goes through
the Garrison so makes his effective
damage against units in buildings a lot
better than normal and there's only
three of them now to shoot him so 75%
damage if he gets in I mean he's doing
fine isn't he he can tank that damage
fine and then get in cover and force
them off wow plague Champion so strong
and meanwhile the CSM have hidden in the
Garrison here against the EA having a
much better time in their
Garrison the EA is going to have to be
very
careful watch out
man CD project Red's going to get you
okay very light build from floor so far
what have the strike Squad been doing
okay they rotated to deal with the PC
and that gives the IST the safety they
need to go take the
VP this is not a good fight for the
Heretics without their AC they're very
very
weak strike Squad easily fend them off
and this is the problem you've just fed
him a lot of XP his strike Squad who get
exponentially better as they level maybe
just running in getting a doom blast
then running away retreating would have
been good get the PC in the the building
shooting you take off a bit of HP off
the strikes or just [__] avoid
fighting them with Heretics alt together
just cap around the
map I don't know we did get another IST
he trying to get a third one not going
to work but he has got the safety of the
Garrison oh he's gone for fast mucus
interesting choice I would have gone for
the aspiran champion you see so instead
of going for the mucus he could have ran
the Heretics here hid them while lost
the PC zoned gone the asaran champion
and then moved out he actually would
have been countered by the purgation
anyway but still I think that would have
been more effective in the mucus there's
a chance that the PG wouldn't have come
this way but anyway they have so he's
got to leave EA once again going to get
on the CSM they're not going to run to
this Garrison they're running down the
mid are they baiting into Havoc Havoc
are down
here Heretics once again getting wrecked
engaging a little too early there before
they got this Fran Champion a bit of a
misplay oh and I don't think they needed
to retreat the PC either come on
Jones could have stayed in play took the
green cover whilst the havocs keep these
idiots suppressed it' have been fine
your forces oby you CSM somehow still in
play yeah must have been missing a lot
of his Bol pistol shots to have not
killed one of these guys must been
chasing him for ages we did get some
sneaky little Heretics running down the
back
line and CSM going to move up to support
but yeah I was going to say I don't
think they'll be able to do it in time
before the Heretics have to treat they
will suppress those peration needs to
suppress the EA though yeah CSM can run
into melee that's fine oh no apparently
not do not lose they don't want they
should have now he's in a pretty bad
spot yeah now they're going to get
suppressed not po what the hell was that
shooting
pation but the EA with his sin Skin Body
Glove has managed to get into Melly with
the havocs they're going to take the
safety of the Garrison as you can tell
if you haven't already this is a very
Garrison Centric map so that incinerator
is going to be quite handy look at that
damage beautiful damage they got to get
out of there that's a dead
Havoc IST running around with two models
interesting so Flo really focusing on
his gray Knights doesn't want to go
inquisitorial Stormtrooper
heavy unlikely you'd get operatives
against a heavy infantry faction anyway
cuz their shotguns aren't going to do
much to the heavy infantry armor of
Marines we got the plague sword or in
this case with this skin plague power
axe on the plague champion and that will
tear through grey Knights quite easily
that Plasma Pistol also is quite scary
that he gets with
it but right now with that knockback
he's in a pretty bad spot he needs to
get out of there I wouldn't risk getting
specialed and wiped oh he's staying in
okay he's got the coverage here of the
Doom blast to suppress them to stop them
killing him Retreat so that was actually
beautiful play I wasn't paying attention
to the location of the AC tick CSM
running into purgation to stop them
being able to use their incinerator on
the AC tick which would do a lot of
damage of course one of the Grey Knight
strike squads does fall but interceptors
arrive thanks to that low requisition
build of flow he gets his next to 1.5
unit out quite quickly but there you go
second jump can the interceptors finish
off the ticks they don't go for it man
if they went for it that would have been
a wipe instead they're just going to
kill one of the Havoc models they get
all all eight Heretics and eventually
CSM themselves have to retreat they
really don't want to just be mindlessly
air moving into the purgation but it was
a wise decision there to stop the
incinerator Burning Down The Heretics
which would have done a lot of damage of
course Heretics many models in a squad
so the AOE damage of the incinerator is
very effective against
them
now the problem here compositionally for
Jones well to be honest I think Jones
needs another unit and I think getting
two Heretics was a mistake here I think
he should have gone for Raptors um no
two two AC's he should have still got
the two Heretics but not two AC's I
think Raptors would have done a lot
better they could jump on the purgation
and shut it down and then you've got
another melee unit to fight off the
strike Squad and interceptors going for
the two AC ticks the problem is you kind
of need both your AC ticks in the main
fight to handle the interceptors in the
strip Squad but then you've got no
capping unit you're going to cap with
CSM it's a very expensive capping unit
compared to IST running around with less
than four models very low on upkeep and
obviously not as high on initial cost as
the
CSM so there is a bit of a problem here
for Jones furthermore Jones's units
aren't going to scale very well Heretics
don't get any better in tier two whereas
the interceptors and strip Squad get a
lot better pgan getting a nice flank on
here coming from an angle doing a lot of
damage against the AC tick tried to
mitigate some of that with the mucus
discharge I'm not sure whether it healed
on the models it might have done you
know that was quite effective
interceptors going deep to try and fast
off the Havoc but they're risking
getting wiped right now they're going to
die they're dead they're dead plague
sword Champion is absolutely kicking
these gry Knights ass right now
beautifully done and a nice teleport
from the zombie as well tying up the
pation plag sword a side effect of it so
I didn't actually talk about this thing
just assuming that you guys know but if
any of you don't the listed 50b melee
DPS is actually a bit of a a um misn
Nora because it ignores melee resist
unlike normal melee weapons there's
basically no other melee weapons in the
game that do this so that 50 DPS is
actually way higher because normally a
50 DPS weapon would do well what is it
not point six times as much so only 30
DPS against a hero or a melee unit this
thing is doing 50 DPS so 30 to 50 you're
talking more than a 50%
increase it's pretty
nuts so really compared to if we do the
maths it's probably close to about an 80
DPS power melee weapon compared to any
other
weapon it also increases his health by
70 and when it kills models it spawns a
zombie of those models I mean on paper
it sounds cracked the thing is this guy
doesn't have a lot of Health he's slow
and he's not immune to knock back like
The Kill Lord so it's quite easy to
control usually like
that and it does become exponentially
stronger in tier two when you get the
armor of pestilence which does give him
knockback immunity but at that point
it's like oh I could get the Power Fist
and then I have a bit of Av threat and
also the lovely pestilent strike ability
which stuns melee and protects you if
you capping a VP
so it's awkward it's a good weapon but
the lack of knockback immunity and lack
of synergy in tier 2 with the armor
pestilence is a bit awkward anyway both
players are now in tier two Jones is
going to be getting plague Marines
they're an AV unit to counter this Razer
back that's on the field already turned
into a razor back from Marina us a
victory point
oh no he's got the power so Jones
actually is going to cancel that and go
for a dreadn he does have havocs on the
field so we'll see whether he wants to
upgrade them or not I would I'd go for
Mam and a last and a dreadn and you
should be good ma does give them a last
Cannon it's not upgrading them
though one of the problems with chaos
havocs the little weakness that they've
got is you can tell when they're
upgrading cuz they hover with the MARC
if these were Space Marine devastated at
any second they could pop out with a
last Cannon and hit you and snare you
and it'd be really quite scary but you
know that chos havocs aren't doing that
because they've got to go through that
animation where they can't shoot and
they telegraphed their upgrade so it was
easy to just walk the or drive the razor
back in and force off the havocs there
I'm not sure why Jones had the havoc in
play there if he saved his last cannon
in the back and got one hit snaring the
Razer back and then Force Melly with a
dreadn he probably would have wiped the
Razer back so I think that was a big
opportunity that he missed there really
is lost Heretics hiding over here we've
got the neuro Gauntlet now and the
averse assassin so he's going to be
pretty much unmatched in melee combat
but Jones is okay I mean he's got CSM
with bolers he's got a havoc and he's
got a dreadnut so he doesn't need to
fight the adversor Assassin in
melee claiming a strike Squad model
there is pretty
nice wonder what a we're going to see
from Flor we're going to see the
inevitable vindicare assassin perhaps
again if had Raptors in tier one that'
do great to synergize with the dreadnut
jump on top of whatever a unit comes out
be it vindicare or purgation if it's a
vindicare and you have oh wow purifiers
he going to say if you've got Raptors
and it's a vindicare oh my God I can't
see it there's too much happening
incinerator absolutely melts these ticks
clearly Jones forgot about them
whoops if you've got the vindicare
Assassin against Raptors you got to be
really careful of the demon Fury ability
which does a lot of Spike damage to a
single entity and also sends them flying
so you send them flying in the direction
of your units or a cal dreadn it would
die quite easily but that's not what
we're going to have we're going to have
purifiers now obviously Flo didn't see
that it is upgraded to a mark of corn
this is so bold of Jones how did he
know I mean if this was a vindicare
going Mark of K would be absolutely
crazy there's already a purgation oh
yeah [__] he's already got pation Squad
so that's why he didn't get a vindicare
cuz he's already got the Beamer forgot
he had a pation squad in tier one
whoops
so H he's got the pation squad which can
snare combine it with a melt a bomb on
the Aversa but he doesn't have the
charge armor so the Avers is very
telegraphed if he's slowly walking
forward to throw a melter bomb onto the
dreadn purifiers are going in going to
go in there they use their ability which
silences nearby units so prevents them
from using their ability see no mucus
discharge for a while from PC but
finally it wore off
there and they do what purifiers do they
just lead the line they charge forward
and they purify with thunder Hammers and
power
swords dreadn had gone to the left to
force off strike Squad the IST did get
picked off at some point that's a shame
yeah so he's having to cap with strike
Squad now which is it's annoying in one
sense for Jones because it takes a lot
to force off a strike Squad but on the
other
hand it's a very expensive capping unit
isn't
it Mar of each now on play don't know
whether to say on the field or in play
there on
play they're on the field oh he's gone
for a second CSM what the [__] so these
are a second CSM Squad trying to finish
it off with the maaz in and he gets it
yeah a little bit slow there of a
reaction from Flo after getting hit by
the last cannon dreadn not in play oh my
God now he wipes out the CSM fre models
lost very lucky for Jones there that he
didn't lose the asaran champion hyper
metabolism down on the Avers assassin
him giving him a little bit more
sustainability but I think one more
shots going to kill
him more hit from the plague sword oh he
[__] it last minute PL Champion you
need to work on you Sprints
SM purifiers encountering Aon dreadnut
not a good match up for them now the
thing is it's funny they' actually be
amazing against a nor dread
notot well not amaziing but they they'd
hold their own but the 40% melee resist
instead of 20% and the splash damage
coming out of the mark of cor upgrade
even ignoring if he uses blood rage for
20 for 40% damage resistance oh no
that's Mele resist I don't know what
blood rage is is it like 50% Mele resist
or just damage resistance even something
like that basically you can't hurt him
while he's blood raging very lucky
special attack there and now these guys
are getting wrecked yikes
o o
wow just a car and two models down that
hurts but at least the dreadn got hit a
few times that's going to take a long
time to heal no he didn't finish the cap
Jones
no s
times I suspect that the Avers assassin
is going to be a pain in the ass here
let the slaughter
begin yeah now that these havocs are
last Canon and
not not heavy Bol so there's nothing to
really deter him from walking into the 2
CSM feels bad
man I like how the two here as an each
side are absolutely wrecking the
Infantry
200s and FL manag to get tier three and
he's going for a VMA Razer back what the
hell
he is quite far behind in terms of VPS
but man the vmer Razer back so powerful
I could definitely see it
happening making the comeback dreadn
stuck in Mel mod Maron H it's a curious
decision I don't know about it I really
don't it's shown some utility but it's
going to struggle against a vmer Razer
back getting another dreadnut could make
it Mar of Z pretty good against tanks
it'll be able to stand and trade 1 V one
against it but obviously it lacks the
mobility of a v we'll
see the other problem with the ma of
each is you can tie it up in melee and
he's got two very good units to do it
here especially with friends
on notra and suppression resistance the
enemy
so basically no way to stop him from
running in and TI up the dreadn he got
the melter bomb off there is a
beamer but the vmer is very cocky with
nothing wow oh my God look at the HP on
the purifiers they get wiped by the
whole mounted
Bolter but the the con rad not goes down
for
it just a default dreadn not a mark of
Zin
but only 57 VPS and Ticking down he gets
the one to one
cap
okay all right ready the fist that shall
Crush all life let's
see see how it
goes all
right we are eager to prove ourselves
yes another Squad of IST come out to
repair the vmer makes sense it's a very
expensive investment you don't want it
to go to waste at this
point I think Flo should have this even
though it's still low on VPS it's going
to be really hard to push with the vmer
lurking around this Versa assassin is
very hard to deal with right
now fighting the PC but the stun there
from pestilence strike the king of chaos
going to help him win that PC does have
armor of pestilence so he's not back
immune and with a load of HP I think
he'd still lose to the botom sorry to
the Avers assassin if you had full
health but don't think the EA had full
health
there I think the raw DPS would be way
too
high yeah friendz on also gives Dr
so there's no chance
Jones goes for CPM big tanky boys with
plague knives they're just going to get
onto the VP in the mid not noticing here
Flo the bmer Raz back taking a lot of
damage from the last Cannon another
shot's going to hit oh no not quite
still quite squishy dread not guarding
the natural
VP ready for Eternal War should be
firing at the CPM
yeah clever notices that he can shoot
them while not being in range a little
bit late for that
though yeah stri Squad are going to flee
from that dreadn they don't want that
heat and PC is going to rush over to the
side again to attack the natural VP so
the vot of Razor back's going to turn
around the Avers assassin is chilling
there's not really anything in the
middle honestly the EA right now should
be able to smash the CPM up quite
easily not getting knocked over by the
explosion thanks to friend on yep there
goes another
one another one buys the dust yeah
another one buys the dust PC did get the
Decap over here so that's something and
they finish off the IST to the CSM level
two it's all they need
apparently St got can now and over cap
that point look how fast the E
absolutely tears through these things
with that neurotoxin Gauntlet neuro
Gauntlet chaos has the upper hand and
Flo stalled long enough to be able to
get Terminators and that one two of V
plus Terminator should be the end of it
in favor of him but we'll see can Jones
come out and do something to get rid of
these 44 VPS before these Terminators
can be
relevant no
clear I'm just going to say FL need to
be careful he could lose his EA here if
he Retreats at the wrong time but he's
okay I'm not sure about pushing that
deep should have known the dreadn was
there because he seen it last time with
his strike Squad and he hasn't seen it
fighting over this side so obviously
it's still guarding the natural
right Brothers the emperor
protects we cannot be
I'm not sure why he's quite so
desperate to cap a PowerPoint at this
stage of the game Crazy power in Flo's
hands and frankly it doesn't matter on
Jones
anyway and raid a crusader my God Flo's
got quite the economy hasn't he quite
funny to go for a land rad Crusader when
you've only got 44 VPS left but sure
dropping down an no bombardment to try
and kill the plague uh chosen plague
Marines who do get the Decap and the
plague champ is going to get the cap in
the middle as well Terminator are going
to get straight on that that is the
priority when the VPS this low he hasn't
got anything over there yeah so he has
to cap this even though he's getting
shot by Mark of Z with the champion
meaning this dude at the front's got a
plasma gun so he's really
hurting no he St capping
he's got time he's got
time Jones is Not committing his forces
he just lost the
PC he's got the dreadn here I think he
he needed to rotate them over for this
fight to get to at least delay the cap
for
longer now he still would have lost well
I me I'm saying he's lost but he's still
be in the same situation this would be
lower than nine but these guys would
still cap this in time he'd probably be
on about three VPS
if he stalled in the mid here for long
before these would get the
cap
maybe so this is a problem now for Jones
there's a [__] land Raider Crusader
coming down he can't even kill a v Razer
back there's
Terminators how the hell is he going to
rat his way out of this
one that
is not clear to
me keeps sending his pation to take this
p I don't know why just leave it it's
not
important in case that dreadnut rotates
you want these guys in
play it's not rotating though it's not
interested he's got plenty of time
but I mean against this composition of
Vater land Raider I don't know what you
can even get
he's like a great un clean one or land
rid of th
boss which obviously been stuck in tier
two he's not going to get anytime soon
now he meets the hurricane BS of the
land Raider Crusader right
there and he's in for a bad
time yeah CPM mindlessly attacking the
VP be touching herle it's not going to
be enough guys going to get shredded by
btim
ter to be fair it was
close yeah he just throws it he just
throws everything up the point to try
and win with decaps but even if he got
that Decap he want a
one he drain seven
VPS maybe he would actually that's a a
Decap during 7 VPS right not a full cap
and a full cap takes 50 50% longer maybe
so you might have actually
I guess it was worth a shot but the
dreadnut was lit to the party he needs
to be there
sooner was a bit of a a mess of an
engagement just need push of Everything
at Once Frome of ter oh well he's done
now there's nothing he can do is not the
way of
chaos H bit of a strange
one still not even sure how Flo got so
far ahead in Tech to be
honest I guess he he two first and then
he got razor back plus purifiers not
that heavy I
guess it was quite heavy he got metal
bombs near
G is what it is I suppose I mean Jones
went for a really heavy tier too didn't
he actually cuz he repurchased well not
repurchased but he he got another Squad
of CSM in tier 2 which is really
expensive to fully upgrade you know
that's more than a walker then he went
for two Walkers so yeah he kind of
committed to not going tier three which
I guess was a mistake cuz he couldn't
quite shut out the VPS but hey got him
down to nine so pretty close game right
there GG's to the players thanks for the
submission that is going to be all from
you by topet I am signing out
[Music]
a